# Array Shuffle

This C++ program generates an array with consecutive numbers, shuffles the elements randomly, and prints the array before and after shuffling.

## Description

The program contains functions to read a number from the user, generate an array with consecutive numbers, print the array, shuffle the array using a random swap algorithm, and print the shuffled array. The main function orchestrates the program's execution.

## How to Use

1. Ensure you have a C++ compiler installed on your system.
2. Clone the repository to your local machine.
3. Open the file named "main.cpp" in your preferred text editor.
4. Compile the program using your C++ compiler.
5. Run the executable.

## Program Structure

### `ReadNumber` Function:

- Takes a string message as a parameter.
- Prompts the user to enter a positive number.
- Continues prompting until a positive number is entered.
- Returns the entered number.

### `Random` Function:

- Takes two integers, `From` and `To`, as parameters.
- Generates a random number between `From` and `To`.
- Returns the random number.

### `Swap` Function:

- Takes two integer references, `A` and `B`.
- Swaps the values of `A` and `B`.

### `ReadElement` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Calls `ReadNumber` to get the number of elements.
- Fills the array with consecutive numbers starting from 1.

### `Printelement` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Prints the elements of the array.

### `shuffleElement` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Shuffles the elements of the array using the `Swap` function and random indices generated by the `Random` function.

### `PrintShuffle` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Prints the shuffled elements of the array.

### `main` Function:

- Declares an integer array and its length.
- Calls `ReadElement` to fill the array with consecutive numbers.
- Calls `Printelement` to print the original array.
- Calls `shuffleElement` to shuffle the array.
- Calls `PrintShuffle` to print the shuffled array.


## Example

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <string>
#include <cstdlib>

using namespace std;

int ReadNumber(string Messege )
{
    int Number;

    do
    {
        cout << Messege << endl;
        cin >> Number;
    } while (Number <= 0);
    return Number;
}

int Random(int From,int To)
{
    int RandNB = rand() % (To - From + 1) + From;
    return RandNB;
}

void Swap(int &A,int &B)
{
    int tmp;

    tmp = A;
    A = B;
    B = tmp;
}

void ReadElement(int array[100],int &Numberlength)
{
    Numberlength = ReadNumber("\nPlease enter a Number element : ");
    for(int i = 0;i < Numberlength;i++)
    {
        array[i] = i+1;
    }
}

void Printelement(int array[100],int Numberlength)
{
    for(int i = 0;i < Numberlength ;i++)
    {
        cout << array[i] << " ";
    }
    cout << endl;
}

void shuffleElement(int array[100],int arraylength)
{
    for(int i = 0;i < arraylength;i++)
    {
        Swap(array[Random(1,arraylength) - 1] ,array[Random(1,arraylength) - 1]);
    }
}

void PrintShuffle(int array[100],int arraylength)
{
    for(int i = 0;i < arraylength;i++)
    {
        cout << array[i] << " ";
    }
    cout << endl << endl;
}

int main()
{
    srand((unsigned)time(NULL));
    
    int array[100];
    int Numberlength;

    ReadElement(array,Numberlength);
    cout << "\nArray element befor shuffle : " << endl;
    Printelement(array,Numberlength);

    shuffleElement(array,Numberlength);
    cout << "\nArray element after shuffle : " << endl;
    PrintShuffle(array,Numberlength);

    return 0;
}

```

### Author

- **Name:** Karim Benkhira
- **Occupation:** Software Engineering Student
- **LinkedIn:** [karim-benkhira](https://linkedin.com/in/karim-benkhira-206597224)
- **GitHub:** [Karim-Benkhira](https://github.com/Karim-Benkhira)
- **Twitter:** [Karim_Benkhira](https://twitter.com/Karim_Benkhira)

### Cybersecurity Enthusiast

I am also passionate about ethical hacking and cybersecurity. Currently, I am a beginner in penetration testing and constantly learning new techniques to enhance my skills.

Feel free to connect with me on social media or check out my GitHub repositories!