# Random Number Array and Sum Calculator

This C++ program generates an array of random numbers, prints the elements, and calculates the sum of the array elements.

## Description

The program contains functions to generate an array of random numbers, calculate the sum of the elements, print the array, and the main function for program execution.

## How to Use

1. Ensure you have a C++ compiler installed on your system.
2. Clone the repository to your local machine.
3. Open the file named "main.cpp" in your preferred text editor.
4. Compile the program using your C++ compiler.
5. Run the executable.

## Program Structure

### `Random` Function:

- Takes two integers, `From` and `To`, as parameters.
- Generates a random number between `From` and `To`.
- Returns the random number.

### `ReadArrayelement` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Asks the user to input the number of elements.
- Fills the array with random numbers generated by the `Random` function.

### `PrintElement` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Prints the elements of the array.

### `SumElement` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Calculates and returns the sum of the elements in the array.

### `main` Function:

- Declares an integer array and its length.
- Calls `ReadArrayelement` to fill the array with random numbers.
- Prints the array using `PrintElement`.
- Calls `SumElement` to calculate and print the sum of the array elements.


## Example

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <cstdlib>

using namespace std;

int Random(int From,int To)
{
    int RandNb = rand() % (To - From + 1 ) + From;
    return RandNb;
}

void ReadArrayelement(int array[100],int &arrayLength)
{
    cout << "\nPlease Enter a Number of element : " << endl;
    cin >> arrayLength;

    for(int i = 0;i < arrayLength;i++)
    {
        array[i] = Random(1,100);
    }
}

void PrintElement(int array[100],int arrayLength)
{
    for(int i = 0;i < arrayLength;i++)
    {
        cout << array[i] << " ";
    }
    cout << endl;
}

int SumElement(int array[100],int arrayLength)
{
    int sum = 0;

    for(int i = 0;i < arrayLength;i++)
    {
        sum = sum + array[i];
    }
    return sum;
}

int main()
{
    srand((unsigned)time(NULL));
    int array[100],arraylength;

    ReadArrayelement(array,arraylength);
    cout << "\nArray Element : \n" << endl;
    PrintElement(array,arraylength);

    cout << "\nSum of all Number is : " ;
    cout << SumElement(array,arraylength) << endl;

}

```
### Author

- **Name:** Karim Benkhira
- **Occupation:** Software Engineering Student
- **LinkedIn:** [karim-benkhira](https://linkedin.com/in/karim-benkhira-206597224)
- **GitHub:** [Karim-Benkhira](https://github.com/Karim-Benkhira)
- **Twitter:** [Karim_Benkhira](https://twitter.com/Karim_Benkhira)

### Cybersecurity Enthusiast

I am also passionate about ethical hacking and cybersecurity. Currently, I am a beginner in penetration testing and constantly learning new techniques to enhance my skills.

Feel free to connect with me on social media or check out my GitHub repositories!