# Sum of Arrays

This C++ program generates two arrays with random elements, prints the elements of each array, and calculates the sum of corresponding elements from both arrays.

## Description

The program contains functions to generate two arrays, print the elements of each array, calculate the sum of corresponding elements, and the main function for program execution.

## How to Use

1. Ensure you have a C++ compiler installed on your system.
2. Clone the repository to your local machine.
3. Open the file named "main.cpp" in your preferred text editor.
4. Compile the program using your C++ compiler.
5. Run the executable.

## Program Structure

### `Random` Function:

- Takes two integers, `From` and `To`, as parameters.
- Generates a random number between `From` and `To`.
- Returns the random number.

### `ReadElementarray1` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Asks the user to input the number of elements for the first array.
- Fills the first array with random numbers generated by the `Random` function.

### `Printelementarray1` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Prints the elements of the first array.

### `ReadElementarray2` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Fills the second array with random numbers generated by the `Random` function.

### `Printelementarray2` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Prints the elements of the second array.

### `SumArray1andArray2` Function:

- Takes two integer arrays and their length as parameters.
- Calculates the sum of corresponding elements from both arrays.
- Prints the sum of elements.

### `main` Function:

- Declares two integer arrays and their length.
- Calls `ReadElementarray1` to fill the first array with random numbers.
- Calls `ReadElementarray2` to fill the second array with random numbers.
- Calls `Printelementarray1` to print the elements of the first array.
- Calls `Printelementarray2` to print the elements of the second array.
- Calls `SumArray1andArray2` to calculate and print the sum of corresponding elements.


## Example

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <cstdlib>

using namespace std;

int Random(int From,int To)
{
    int RandNB = rand() % (To - From + 1) + From;
    return RandNB;
}

void ReadElementarray1(int array1[100],int &length)
{
    cout << "\nHow many elements : " << endl;
    cin >> length;

    for(int i = 0;i < length;i++)
    {
        array1[i] = Random(1,100);
    }
}

void Printelementarray1(int array1[100],int length)
{
    for(int i = 0;i < length;i++)
    {
        cout << array1[i] << " ";
    }
    cout << endl;
}

void ReadElementarray2(int array2[100],int arraylength)
{
    for(int i = 0;i < arraylength;i++)
    {
        array2[i] = Random(1,100);
    }
}

void Printelementarray2(int array2[100],int arraylength)
{
    for(int i = 0;i < arraylength;i++)
    {
        cout << array2[i] << " ";
    }
    cout << endl;
}

void SumArray1andArray2(int arra1[100],int array2[100],int arralength)
{
    int sum = 0;

    for(int i = 0;i < arralength;i++)
    {
        sum = arra1[i] + array2[i] ;
        cout << sum << " ";
        sum = 0;
    }
    cout << endl;
}

int main()
{
    srand((unsigned)time(NULL));

    int array1[100];
    int array2[100];
    int arralength;

    ReadElementarray1(array1,arralength);
    ReadElementarray2(array2,arralength);
    cout << "\nArray 1  elements : " << endl;
    Printelementarray1(array1,arralength);
    cout << "\nArray 2 elements : " << endl;
    Printelementarray2(array2,arralength);
    cout << "\nSum of Array 1 and array 2 elements : " << endl;
    SumArray1andArray2(array1,array2,arralength);

    return 0;
}

```

### Author

- **Name:** Karim Benkhira
- **Occupation:** Software Engineering Student
- **LinkedIn:** [karim-benkhira](https://linkedin.com/in/karim-benkhira-206597224)
- **GitHub:** [Karim-Benkhira](https://github.com/Karim-Benkhira)
- **Twitter:** [Karim_Benkhira](https://twitter.com/Karim_Benkhira)

### Cybersecurity Enthusiast

I am also passionate about ethical hacking and cybersecurity. Currently, I am a beginner in penetration testing and constantly learning new techniques to enhance my skills.

Feel free to connect with me on social media or check out my GitHub repositories!