# Random Number Array Statistics Calculator

This C++ program generates an array of random numbers, prints the elements, calculates the sum, and computes the average of the array elements.

## Description

The program contains functions to generate an array of random numbers, calculate the sum, calculate the average, print the array, and the main function for program execution.

## How to Use

1. Ensure you have a C++ compiler installed on your system.
2. Clone the repository to your local machine.
3. Open the file named "main.cpp" in your preferred text editor.
4. Compile the program using your C++ compiler.
5. Run the executable.

## Program Structure

### `Random` Function:

- Takes two integers, `From` and `To`, as parameters.
- Generates a random number between `From` and `To`.
- Returns the random number.

### `ReadElementrand` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Asks the user to input the number of elements.
- Fills the array with random numbers generated by the `Random` function.

### `Printrandom` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Prints the elements of the array.

### `SumNumber` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Calculates and returns the sum of the elements in the array.

### `AverageNumber` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Calculates and returns the average of the elements in the array.

### `main` Function:

- Declares an integer array and its length.
- Calls `ReadElementrand` to fill the array with random numbers.
- Prints the array using `Printrandom`.
- Calls `SumNumber` to calculate and print the sum of the array elements.
- Calls `AverageNumber` to calculate and print the average of the array elements.

## Example

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <cstdlib>

using namespace std;

int Random(int From,int To)
{
    int RandNb = rand() % (To - From + 1) + From;
    return RandNb;
}

void ReadElementrand(int array[100],int &arraylength)
{
    cout << "\nPlesae Enter a Number of Element : " << endl;
    cin >> arraylength;

    for(int i = 0;i < arraylength;i++)
    {
        array[i] = Random(1,100);
    }
}

void Printrandom(int array[100],int arralength)
{
    for(int i = 0;i < arralength;i++)
    {
        cout << array[i] << " ";
    }
    cout << endl;
}

int SumNumber(int array[100],int arraylength)
{
    int Sum = 0;

    for(int i = 0;i < arraylength;i++)
    {
        Sum = Sum + array[i];
    }
    return Sum;
}

float  AverageNumber(int array[100],int arraylength)
{
   return (float)SumNumber(array,arraylength) / arraylength;
}

int main()
{
    srand((unsigned)time(NULL));

    int array[100],arralength;

    ReadElementrand(array,arralength);
    cout << "\nArray Elements : \n";
    Printrandom(array,arralength);

    cout << "\nSum of all Number is : ";
    cout << SumNumber(array,arralength) << endl;
    cout << "\nAverage of all Number is  : ";
    cout << AverageNumber(array,arralength) << endl;;
}

```

### Author

- **Name:** Karim Benkhira
- **Occupation:** Software Engineering Student
- **LinkedIn:** [karim-benkhira](https://linkedin.com/in/karim-benkhira-206597224)
- **GitHub:** [Karim-Benkhira](https://github.com/Karim-Benkhira)
- **Twitter:** [Karim_Benkhira](https://twitter.com/Karim_Benkhira)

### Cybersecurity Enthusiast

I am also passionate about ethical hacking and cybersecurity. Currently, I am a beginner in penetration testing and constantly learning new techniques to enhance my skills.

Feel free to connect with me on social media or check out my GitHub repositories!