# Prime Number Checker

This C++ program generates an array of random numbers, prints the elements of the array, and identifies prime numbers among them.

## Description

The program contains functions to generate an array of random numbers, print the elements of the array, check if a number is prime, identify prime numbers in the array, and the main function for program execution.

## How to Use

1. Ensure you have a C++ compiler installed on your system.
2. Clone the repository to your local machine.
3. Open the file named "main.cpp" in your preferred text editor.
4. Compile the program using your C++ compiler.
5. Run the executable.

## Program Structure

### `Random` Function:

- Takes two integers, `From` and `To`, as parameters.
- Generates a random number between `From` and `To`.
- Returns the random number.

### `Readelement` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Asks the user to input the number of elements.
- Fills the array with random numbers generated by the `Random` function.

### `PrintNumbers` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Prints the elements of the array.

### `IsPrime` Function:

- Takes an integer, `Number`, as a parameter.
- Checks if the number is prime.
- Returns `true` if prime, `false` otherwise.

### `PrimeNumber` Function:

- Takes an integer array and its length as parameters.
- Prints prime numbers present in the array.

### `main` Function:

- Declares an integer array and its length.
- Calls `Readelement` to fill the array with random numbers.
- Calls `PrintNumbers` to print the elements of the array.
- Calls `PrimeNumber` to print prime numbers in the array.

## Modifying the Program

If you want to customize the program or use it as part of a larger project, you can modify the code in the "main.cpp" file.

## Example

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <cstdlib>

using namespace std;

int Random(int From,int To)
{
    int RandNB = rand() % (To - From + 1) + From;
    return RandNB;
}

void Readelement(int array[100],int &arrayLength)
{
    cout << "\nPlease Enter a Number element : " << endl;
    cin >> arrayLength;

    for(int i = 0;i < arrayLength;i++)
    {
        array[i] = Random(1,100);
    }
}

void PrintNumbers(int array[100],int arrayLength)
{
    for(int i = 0;i < arrayLength;i++)
    {
        cout << array[i] << " ";
    }
    cout << endl;
}

bool IsPrime(int Number)
{
    if(Number <= 1)
        return false;
    
    for(int i = 2;i < Number / 2;i++)
    {
        if(Number % i == 0)
            return false;
    }
    return true;
}

void PrimeNumber(int array[100],int arrayLength)
{
    for(int i = 0;i < arrayLength;i++)
    {
        if(IsPrime(array[i]))
            cout << array[i] << " ";
    }
    cout << endl;
}


int main()
{
    srand((unsigned)time(NULL));

    int array[100];
    int arralength;

    Readelement(array,arralength);

    cout << "\nArray element : " << endl;
    PrintNumbers(array,arralength);

    cout << "\nPrime Number in Array : " << endl;
    PrimeNumber(array,arralength);
}

```

### Author

- **Name:** Karim Benkhira
- **Occupation:** Software Engineering Student
- **LinkedIn:** [karim-benkhira](https://linkedin.com/in/karim-benkhira-206597224)
- **GitHub:** [Karim-Benkhira](https://github.com/Karim-Benkhira)
- **Twitter:** [Karim_Benkhira](https://twitter.com/Karim_Benkhira)

### Cybersecurity Enthusiast

I am also passionate about ethical hacking and cybersecurity. Currently, I am a beginner in penetration testing and constantly learning new techniques to enhance my skills.

Feel free to connect with me on social media or check out my GitHub repositories!